The point of creating the first form of the irregular verb, the first form of the verb, and the first form of the verb is exactly the same,
the second and third form of the irregular verb, the irregular verb, is the irregular verb.
We will say the things that are commonly used among the irregular verbs in a separate way.
To create the form of the first form, we will just add the "-ing", so we will only give the first, second, and third forms.
The irregular verbs, the first form, the three forms are different.
Spring sprang sprung, thing sang sung, swim swam swum, bite bit bitten, hide hid hidden, blow blew blown, grow grew grown, know knew known,
throw through thrown, break broke broken, choose chose chosen, do did done, draw drew drawn, drive drove driven, ride rode ridden,
rise rose risen, write wrote written, eat ate eaten, fall fell fallen, fly flew flown, forget forgot forgotten,
bid bad bitten, freeze froze frozen, speak spoke spoken, steal stole stolen, weave wove woven, give gave given, go went gone,
lie lay lain, see saw seen, shake shook shaken, take took taken, slay slew slain.